feat(normalization): Use exposed device-class-synthesis feature flag to gate device.class synthesis in light normalization (#1974)
getsentry/sentry-relay: CHANGELOG.md

**Features**

- Allow monitor checkins to paass `monitor_config` for monitor upserts. ([#1962](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/1962))

> - Use exposed device-class-synthesis feature flag to gate device.class synthesis in normalize. ([#1974](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/1974))

Reviewer: Let's move this entry to the `Internal` heading.

> - Use exposed device-class-synthesis feature flag to gate device.class synthesis in normalize. ([#1974](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/1974))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use exposed device-class-synthesis feature flag to gate device.class synthesis in light normalization. ([#1974](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/1974))
```

**Features**:

- Allow monitor checkins to paass `monitor_config` for monitor upserts. ([#1962](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/1962))

**Internal**:

- Upgrade the web framework and related dependencies. ([#1938](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/1938))
- Apply transaction clustering rules before UUID scrubbing rules. ([#1964](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/1964))

> - Use exposed device-class-synthesis feature flag to gate device.class synthesis in light normalization.. ([#1974](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/1974))

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
- Use exposed device-class-synthesis feature flag to gate device.class synthesis in light normalization. ([#1974](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/1974))
```
